my favorite enemy is Pokemon mr. Kaiba
sir you have a message from Joey nuki it
says go to Rick Earl comp for some free
dragon cards
who the hell is Joey and Yugi oh well I
could use some more dragon cards click
my Dragon cards Wow moto and wheeler
rickrolled you good big brother
just shut up Roland invite wheeler in
moto 2 what sir to the tournament
what tournament just do what Pegasus did
it will be fine
Wow sir you're amazing what nothing oh
god I slip Seto
let me find moto and wheeler for you
opening
white where exactly are we now I just
can't seem to remember
ah where's he's gone that
leather-wearing asshole he ditched us
I'm glad I got away from those losers I
call friends hello Yui
oh hey Pharaoh what's up Yugi what do
you think of this I want to be the very
best like no one ever was just stick to
you vo Joey thinks you're an asshole
what nothing let's go back to camp whoa
whoever's touching me down there better
back it off right now I love that show
yes all right
Wow baked beans guys I'm stuck in a
spiderweb
someone gonna help me me oh not me I
still have trouble remembering why we're
here don't you remember darts nope
doesn't ring a bell
he had the biker game nope I still got
nothing the season no one liked oh now I
remember hey I'm free hey look it's one
of Kaiba's helicopters how convenient
for us I'm here to avenge my brother's
death
I mean rig rolling by taking you guys to
our new amusement park for a tort of it
Breo charge that's awesome
all right this is how the tournament
will work we're inviting all these
supposedly good duelists or around the
world
he'll lose so I don't see the point but
whatever and Senta will be participating
oh I know why Kaiba doesn't want to get
humiliated again like finally rickroll
them shut up
Oh God my hand let's just go
well let's see who I can find kaiba my
childhood sweetheart he makes my room
welcome to Thailand home of the blue-ice
burger even I don't want to eat that how
many blue eyes are in this place 1 2 3
so Joey how many is that I counted for
all blue eyes white dragon Oh too many
is it necessary to have all this space
for just one dual platform when you're
rich you need the extra space for buddy
where do you keep your extra money in
your sister's pity and angry but sex hey
there's you know what Santana teleport
I will miss your motor would you mind
signing my devianart please that piece
looks nothing like me
now this self-portrait captures my image
it was nice to me I want to grope you
sigh my demeanor draw you stalking son
of a bitch that's a real picture but I
guess I can sign anyways success hey kid
have you seen any deviant out of me Joey
wheeler oh no man baseball tough huh no
Devia dart huh don't look at me I'm to
Brooklyn to cry hey could you look at my
deck your deck needs some good magic
cards
budget mm-hmm I'll trade you this for
your attack let's good luck
Oh
well you are the king of games mm-hmm
well just one more duel fine while
running away remember to send your level
lower for yourself you don't know what
you're talking about
that's about it off all right
level five wait a bit I hit that thing
like 20 times
we have guy
now I so take my vengeance on Kaiba by
hacking into kaibaland goddamnit what
trap I'm running away Tristan you idiot
we're all still trapped inside of here
then how do we get out of here
isn't it obvious we do what we always do
we play a children's card game finally I
get to do something important in this
episode it's time to did it to do did it
at all
BAM black man humps stick the landing
perfect if you lose then we all die
so I'm dueling well right we said it was
up to the viewers if they wanted us to
make more but screw the viewers we have
subscribers I want to be the very best
like no one ever was no do nannu to
catch them is my real test to train them
is my cause addenda dunno I will travel
across the land searching far and wide